Adding a section about nextjs dynamic port (#1141)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/meteorjs/2000-01-01-start.md

3. Install Meteor runtime
4. Build project
5. Prepare runtime environment

> ## Nextjs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next.js
```

> Out of the box, nextjs is configured with a package.json like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of the box, Next.js is configured with a `package.json` which looks like:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "name": "my-app",
  "version": "0.1.0",
  "private": true,
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "next dev",
    "build": "next build",
    "start": "next start"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "next": "^10.0.4",
    "react": "^17.0.1",
    "react-dom": "^17.0.1"
  }
}
```

> To make it works on scalingo, you will need to provide the port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it work on Scalingo, you need to provide the port.
```

> Otherwise, you will got a timeout error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you would get a timeout error.
```

```
....
 Waiting for your application to boot... 
 !   Error deploying the application

>  !   → Timeout: scalingo-test-nextjs took more than 60 seconds to boot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 !   → Timeout: my-app took more than 60 seconds to boot
```

....
```

> For that, modify the *start* script by adding "-p $PORT"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, modify the `start` script by adding `-p $PORT`
```
